Skip to Main Content TARIFF GIFT CARDS SEARCH SUPPORT SIGN UP SIGN IN BOOK & MANAGE WHERE WE FLY PREPARE TO TRAVEL AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE MAHARAJA CLUB Feedback HOME FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS FAQ Have a question regarding your upcoming trip with Air India or its services and products? Find answers to all your queries and make your flying experience with us enjoyable. Booking Planning your next flight? Find answers to common booking questions to ensure a smooth travel experience. Learn More Check-in All you need to know about checking in for your flight online and at the airport. Learn More Baggage We have answers to your baggage queries so you can pack with confidence for your journey. Learn More Self-Service Re-accommodation Has your Air India flight been cancelled or delayed? Don't worry. We will immediately book you on the next available flight to your destination free of charge. Learn More Loyalty Everything you need to know about upgrading tiers, earning rewards and more when you sign up for our loyalty programme. Learn More Travel Insurance Whether it's trip cancellations, flight delays or a medical emergency, travel insurance ensures you are protected against unforeseen disruptions. Learn More Cargo We have a fleet of Boeing and Airbus aircrafts for carrying cargo to more than 39 international and 38 domestic destinations. Learn More Health and Medical Assistance Your well-being is our priority. Learn about health and medical support while flying with Air India. Learn More Travelling with Children Explore our kid-friendly services and amenities for a smooth journey for your young one. Learn More Travelling with Pets Bringing your furry friend along? Learn about our pet travel policies and guidelines. Learn More Payment, Refund, & Cancellation Need help with payments, refunds, or cancellations? Get the info you need to manage your bookings. Learn More Air India - Vistara Integration You remain our top priority as Vistara joins wings with Air India. Here is all you need to know about the processes we have in place for a smooth transition. Learn More Rail and Fly All you need to know about travelling on intermodal journeys with Air India, including booking, check-in, baggage allowance, as well as refund and cancellation policies. Learn More Mobile App From booking your flight to tracking your baggage with Apple AirTag and handling refunds through the mobile app, we’ve got you covered. Learn More Registered Customer Have questions about your Registered Customer account? Find answers on how to sign up, explore the benefits, and make the most of your Registered Customer account. Learn More MORE POPULAR FLIGHTS Domestic Flight International Flight Popular Flights Lucknow to Delhi Flight Chennai to Bangalore Flight Indore to Delhi Flight Mumbai to Kolkata Flight Delhi to Chennai Flight Delhi to Patna Flight Ahmedabad to Mumbai Flight Goa to Mumbai Flight Chennai to Mumbai Flight Delhi to Leh Flight Delhi to Guwahati Flight Mumbai to Chennai Flight Bangalore to Hyderabad Flight Mumbai to Ahmedabad Flight Mumbai to Jaipur Flight Kolkata to Mumbai Flight Mumbai to Hyderabad Flight Hyderabad to Bangalore Flight Delhi to Lucknow Flight Jaipur to Mumbai Flight ABOUT US About Air India Newsroom Corporate Information Safety Tenders Careers BOOK & MANAGE Search Flights Manage Booking Flight Schedule Cargo WHERE WE FLY Route Map Non-stop Flights Partner Airlines Popular Flights PREPARE TO TRAVEL Baggage Guidelines Airport Information First-time Travellers and Children Visas, Documents and Travel Tips Health and Medical Assistance Travelling with Pets AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE At The Airport In The Air Transforming Experiences Our Fleet MAHARAJA CLUB About Maharaja Club Points Calculator Earn Points Redeem Points Maharaja Club FAQs SUPPORT Contact Frequently Asked Questions Grievance Resolution EU/UK Flight Delay Claim AIR INDIA APP Download the app to book and manage your flights on the go. Learn more Details Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Accessibility Plan and Feedback Process Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Conditions of Carriage Domestic Fares Travel Agents GST Passenger Rights Disruption Statement FOLLOW US ON Copyright © 2026 Air India Ltd. All rights reserved. Use of this website indicates your compliance with our Privacy Notice, Conditions of Carriage, Terms and Conditions. Set your cookies We use cookies to ensure Air India websites function properly, to analyse traffic, and to create better user experiences, including delivering personalised content. By clicking “Accept All,” you agree to our use of cookies. To customise your cookie preferences, click "Manage Cookies" and select the categories you want to accept. For more information about how we use cookies, please view ourCookie Policy. Accept All Manage Cookies Hi, I’m AI.g How can I help you?