Skip to Main Content TARIFF GIFT CARDS SEARCH SUPPORT SIGN UP SIGN IN BOOK & MANAGE WHERE WE FLY PREPARE TO TRAVEL AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE MAHARAJA CLUB Feedback HOME FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS PAYMENT, REFUND, & CANCELLATION PAYMENT, REFUND, & CANCELLATION Have a question regarding your upcoming trip with Air India or its services and products? Find answers to all your queries and make your flying experience with us enjoyable. BOOKING CHECK-IN BAGGAGE SELF-SERVICE RE-ACCOMMODATION LOYALTY REGISTERED CUSTOMER TRAVEL INSURANCE CARGO HEALTH AND MEDICAL ASSISTANCE TRAVELLING WITH CHILDREN TRAVELLING WITH PETS PAYMENT, REFUND, & CANCELLATION Refund Cancellations Rescheduling Self-service re-accomodation Payment RAIL AND FLY MOBILE APP PAYMENT, REFUND, & CANCELLATION Refund How can I request a refund for my booking? You can easily request a refund using our website or mobile app. Here's how: Website: Go to the manage booking section on our website and navigate to the refund option to initiate the request. Mobile app: You can opt for a refund using the 'My Trips' option on our app which is available for Android and iOS users. How can I request a refund for a flight cancelled by Air India? How can I get a refund for a flight that I missed? Till when can I apply for a refund on a booking? How do you calculate the refund amount on a ticket? What will be the mode of refund if I cancel a ticket bought at an Air India office? How can I apply for a refund if I booked my flight using a travel agent or third-party websites? How can I raise a refund request for my booking? How do I find the case ID for my refund request? How long does it take to process a refund and what can I do if there is a delay? Can I change my bank account details after requesting a refund? What to do if I have not received my full refund amount? How much refund will I get if I cancel my partially used ticket? Where can I get a copy of my refund receipt? My booking has been downgraded. How can I get a refund? Cancellations Can I cancel my booking and request for a refund using the app? Yes, you can cancel your booking and request a refund using our app which is available for Android and iOS users. How to cancel only one sector of my multi-city booking? What is the fee for modifying my flight booking? What are the penalty charges if I cancel my ticket? What is the cost associated with cancelling my booking within the no-show window? What is the cost associated with modiyfing my ticket within the no-show window? What is the cost associated with cancelling or changing my booking after the no-show window? Rescheduling Do I need to pay any additional charges when rescheduling my flight? The charges for rescheduling your flight will be calculated based on the time window of rescheduling, and the fare type and route of your existing and new booking. In case the flights was cancelled by us and you choose our self-service re-accommodation option to reschedule your flight, no additional charges will be incurred, as it is a free service. Can I reschedule a sector of my multicity booking? Self-service re-accomodation What is self -service re-accommodation and how can I use this service? Our self re-accommodation service allows you to rebook your flight in case we have to cancel it under unforseen circumstances, without paying additional charges. Follow these easy steps to utilise this service: Getting there: Head to our self-service re-accommodation page. Alternatively, you can click on the link with re-accomodation options sent to your registered email ID. Enter your details: Enter your Booking Reference (PNR) and last name as per your original reservation. Choosing your flight: A list of 20 flights will be displayed in addition to the original flight with the rescheduled departure times. You can select any one of the flights from the options available and click on 'Book.' Here are some points to remember when choosing the next flight: These flights will be spread over 75 hours around the original departure time. For instance, if your disrupted flight was scheduled for 0900, you will be shown available flights that depart 3 hours before and up to 72 hours after this time. Flights with no layovers are listed first, followed by flights with stopovers, in ascending order. Final steps: Your booking details will be displayed for you to review. Please ensure all your details are correct before proceeding by clicking 'Continue'. New itinerary and booking receipt: Once your booking is confirmed, you will receive an email with your receipt and new reservation details. Who is eligible for self-service re-accommodation? When will I receive the self service re-accommodation link? How will I get my new itinerary? Can I change the date of the rescheduled flight after I receive the updated itinerary? Payment What are the various payment methods available when booking a flight with Air India? We have multiple payment options available to help you book a flight with us: Credit cards (American Express, Visa cards, Mastercards, Diners Club cards, Discover cards, and JCB) Internet banking Rupay cards E-wallets EMI options UPI Can I pay for my booking with 'equated monthly instalments' (EMI)? Why do I need to pay a convenience fee? Does Air India accept payments with cards issued in another country? I am booking my flight from another country. Will the charges vary? How can I change the currency when I am paying for my booking? What to do if the amount is debited from my account, but the ticket is not generated? I was charged twice for my booking. What should I do? Can I book a flight and pay for it later? Can I get an invoice for the payment I made towards selecting a seat while booking my flight? MORE POPULAR FLIGHTS Domestic Flight International Flight Popular Flights Lucknow to Delhi Flight Chennai to Bangalore Flight Indore to Delhi Flight Mumbai to Kolkata Flight Delhi to Chennai Flight Delhi to Patna Flight Ahmedabad to Mumbai Flight Goa to Mumbai Flight Chennai to Mumbai Flight Delhi to Leh Flight Delhi to Guwahati Flight Mumbai to Chennai Flight Bangalore to Hyderabad Flight Mumbai to Ahmedabad Flight Mumbai to Jaipur Flight Kolkata to Mumbai Flight Mumbai to Hyderabad Flight Hyderabad to Bangalore Flight Delhi to Lucknow Flight Jaipur to Mumbai Flight ABOUT US About Air India Newsroom Corporate Information Safety Tenders Careers BOOK & MANAGE Search Flights Manage Booking Flight Schedule Cargo WHERE WE FLY Route Map Non-stop Flights Partner Airlines Popular Flights PREPARE TO TRAVEL Baggage Guidelines Airport Information First-time Travellers and Children Visas, Documents and Travel Tips Health and Medical Assistance Travelling with Pets AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE At The Airport In The Air Transforming Experiences Our Fleet MAHARAJA CLUB About Maharaja Club Points Calculator Earn Points Redeem Points Maharaja Club FAQs SUPPORT Contact Frequently Asked Questions Grievance Resolution EU/UK Flight Delay Claim AIR INDIA APP Download the app to book and manage your flights on the go. Learn more Details Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Accessibility Plan and Feedback Process Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Conditions of Carriage Domestic Fares Travel Agents GST Passenger Rights Disruption Statement FOLLOW US ON Copyright © 2026 Air India Ltd. All rights reserved. Use of this website indicates your compliance with our Privacy Notice, Conditions of Carriage, Terms and Conditions. Set your cookies We use cookies to ensure Air India websites function properly, to analyse traffic, and to create better user experiences, including delivering personalised content. By clicking “Accept All,” you agree to our use of cookies. To customise your cookie preferences, click "Manage Cookies" and select the categories you want to accept. For more information about how we use cookies, please view ourCookie Policy. Accept All Manage Cookies Hi, I’m AI.g How can I help you?