Skip to Main Content TARIFF GIFT CARDS SEARCH SUPPORT SIGN UP SIGN IN BOOK & MANAGE WHERE WE FLY PREPARE TO TRAVEL AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE MAHARAJA CLUB Feedback HOME FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CHECK-IN CHECK-IN Have a question regarding your upcoming trip with Air India or its services and products? Find answers to all your queries and make your flying experience with us enjoyable. BOOKING CHECK-IN Online check-in Airport check-in Boarding pass Other issues BAGGAGE SELF-SERVICE RE-ACCOMMODATION LOYALTY REGISTERED CUSTOMER TRAVEL INSURANCE CARGO HEALTH AND MEDICAL ASSISTANCE TRAVELLING WITH CHILDREN TRAVELLING WITH PETS PAYMENT, REFUND, & CANCELLATION RAIL AND FLY MOBILE APP CHECK-IN Online check-in What is online check-in? Online check-in is a convenient and time-saving service offered by Air India that allows you to check in for your flight using a computer or a mobile device with internet connectivity. You can check in online on our webite or app. This service streamlines the check-in process, enabling our passengers to secure their boarding passes and select seats before arriving at the airport. Here’s how you can check in for your flight online: For check-in through AI.g: You can use AI.g on the website, app, or whatsApp to check-in for your domestic travels. For web check-in: Open your preferred browser and navigate to the official web check-in page of the Air India website. For app check-in: Download and install the Air India app on your mobile device. Ensure you have the latest version of the app installed. You can find the app on the Google Play Store for Android devices or Apple App Store for iOS devices. Enter details: Provide your Booking Reference and the last name of the passenger. You can find this information on your booking confirmation or e-ticket. Click on the ‘Submit’ button to retrieve your booking. Checking in: Follow the step-by-step on-screen instructions to complete the check-in process. This will include confirming passenger details and selecting seats and meals. If you don't choose a seat during check-in, a seat will be auto-assigned to you. Boarding pass: Once you have checked in, your boarding pass will be generated. You can view and save it on your device. Additional information Online check-in is available within 48 hours up to 60 minutes before the scheduled departure time. For International flights departing Delhi airport, the check-in counter will be open for 75 minutes before the flight's scheduled departure. For a seamless check-in experience, ensure you have a stable internet connection and all necessary travel documents handy. Additonally, to avoid any last minute rush, we request you to plan your travel with ample time to reach the airport and complete all airport formalities before you board the flight. Who is eligible to check-in for Air India flights online? What is the time window for checking in online? Can I complete online check-in if I have more than one passenger on my booking? Should infants be checked in? Can I choose my seat when I check in online? Can I check in for my connecting flights online when I check in for the first one? What documents do international travellers require to check in online? Airport check-in How soon should I arrive at the airport for my flight? It is recommended that you reach the airport at least 3 hours prior to your scheduled departure time. When does the check-in counter at the airport close? What If I fail to check in on time at the airport? I have checked in online. Where do I drop my baggage? Do I need to check in again at the airport if I have already checked in online? Boarding pass Will I be issued a boarding pass after checking in online? Domestic travellers will be issued a digital boarding pass when they check in online for a domestic flight. The pass can be a mobile boarding pass or a printable PDF, based on your choice. You can save the mobile pass on your smartphone and present it at checkpoints in the airport. If you prefer a printed pass, you can print the PDF version and carry it with you for the journey. Passengers travelling internationally or on a domestic segment followed by an international flight may receive a confirmation slip. If you receive a confirmation slip instead of a boarding pass, please bring the confirmation slip to the airport check-in counter on the day of your departure. You will be issued a boarding pass after verification is done at the counter. Please ensure that the information on your boarding pass matches the details on your travel documents accurately. For a seamless travel experience, have the boarding pass readily accessible throughout your journey. What is a confirmation slip, and why is it issued? Can I board my flight with a confirmation slip? What to do if I do not receive my boarding pass after checking in online? Will I be issued a boarding pass while flying on a domestic segment followed by an international flight? Other issues Can I undo check-in if I decide not to travel? Yes, you can cancel your online check-in if your plans change and you decide not to travel. We understand that circumstances may arise that require adjustments to your schedule. You can undo the check-in in two ways: Visit the Air India counter at the origin airport. Call your nearest Air India centre for assistance. I am unable to view my booking after entering my Booking Reference and name on the check-in screen. What do I do? The first leg of my flight is with Air India Express (AIX) while the second leg is with Air India (AI). Do I get the option for through check-in? MORE POPULAR FLIGHTS Domestic Flight International Flight Popular Flights Lucknow to Delhi Flight Chennai to Bangalore Flight Indore to Delhi Flight Mumbai to Kolkata Flight Delhi to Chennai Flight Delhi to Patna Flight Ahmedabad to Mumbai Flight Goa to Mumbai Flight Chennai to Mumbai Flight Delhi to Leh Flight Delhi to Guwahati Flight Mumbai to Chennai Flight Bangalore to Hyderabad Flight Mumbai to Ahmedabad Flight Mumbai to Jaipur Flight Kolkata to Mumbai Flight Mumbai to Hyderabad Flight Hyderabad to Bangalore Flight Delhi to Lucknow Flight Jaipur to Mumbai Flight ABOUT US About Air India Newsroom Corporate Information Safety Tenders Careers BOOK & MANAGE Search Flights Manage Booking Flight Schedule Cargo WHERE WE FLY Route Map Non-stop Flights Partner Airlines Popular Flights PREPARE TO TRAVEL Baggage Guidelines Airport Information First-time Travellers and Children Visas, Documents and Travel Tips Health and Medical Assistance Travelling with Pets AIR INDIA EXPERIENCE At The Airport In The Air Transforming Experiences Our Fleet MAHARAJA CLUB About Maharaja Club Points Calculator Earn Points Redeem Points Maharaja Club FAQs SUPPORT Contact Frequently Asked Questions Grievance Resolution EU/UK Flight Delay Claim AIR INDIA APP Download the app to book and manage your flights on the go. Learn more Details Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Accessibility Plan and Feedback Process Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Conditions of Carriage Domestic Fares Travel Agents GST Passenger Rights Disruption Statement FOLLOW US ON Copyright © 2026 Air India Ltd. All rights reserved. Use of this website indicates your compliance with our Privacy Notice, Conditions of Carriage, Terms and Conditions. Set your cookies We use cookies to ensure Air India websites function properly, to analyse traffic, and to create better user experiences, including delivering personalised content. By clicking “Accept All,” you agree to our use of cookies. To customise your cookie preferences, click "Manage Cookies" and select the categories you want to accept. For more information about how we use cookies, please view ourCookie Policy. Accept All Manage Cookies Hi, I’m AI.g How can I help you?